hey guys Washington shit-tons
in today's video we will be making a
crossbar challenge
you need some milk like
responses yeah
yes we want to target by the way yeah
yeah I'm German he's Mexican ginger as I
can evolve in same hands even you
Scottish yeah
what may know it what we're not as
Mexican just a second ago belkalem yeah
anyway as you guys can see we've all
been trying to get night to to answer so
enough about the my remember night don't
I love to wake up tomorrow and by night
songs with an expectation me declare
through my language so night sponsor me
and remember guys if you did like this
video press our like button and give
lick big subscribe to let see if you can
get the survive with them with the noise
no no no Nick the red subscribe button
guys watching me our trust just do not
know this is enough
I